README.md, before:

# my_magic_code

## Overview

**my_magic_code** is a collection of Python scripts developed by [abuawaish](https://github.com/abuawaish). This repository includes various utilities and applications aimed at automating tasks and demonstrating data structures.

## Contents

The repository comprises the following Python scripts:

- **my_generator.py**: Contains custom generator functions for efficient data processing.
- **phone_book_app.py**: A command-line application for managing a phone book, allowing users to add, search, and delete contacts.
- **stack.py**: An implementation of the stack data structure, including common operations such as push, pop, and peek.
- **whatsapp_automation.py**: Automates sending messages via WhatsApp using the twilio library.

## Requirements

Ensure you have Python installed on your system. Some scripts may require additional libraries, which can be installed using pip:

```bash
    pip install twilio
```

## Usage

- **1.Clone the repository:**

```bash
    git clone https://github.com/abuawaish/my_magic_code.git
    cd my_magic_code
```

- **2.Run the desired script:**
- **For example, to run the phone book application:**

```bash
    python phone_book_app.py
```

Commit message:

added a short description about file_operation.py file

README.md, after:

# my_magic_code

## Overview

**my_magic_code** is a collection of Python scripts developed by [abuawaish](https://github.com/abuawaish). This repository includes various utilities and applications aimed at automating tasks and demonstrating data structures.

## Contents

The repository comprises the following Python scripts:

- **my_generator.py**: Contains custom generator functions for efficient data processing.
- **phone_book_app.py**: A command-line application for managing a phone book, allowing users to add, search, and delete contacts.
- **stack.py**: An implementation of the stack data structure, including common operations such as push, pop, and peek.
- **whatsapp_automation.py**: Automates sending messages via WhatsApp using the twilio library.
- **file_operation.py**: It provides methods for managing file operations, including creating, reading, writing, updating, clearing, and deleting files

## Requirements

Ensure you have Python installed on your system. Some scripts may require additional libraries, which can be installed using pip:

```bash
    pip install twilio
```

## Usage

- **1.Clone the repository:**

```bash
    git clone https://github.com/abuawaish/my_magic_code.git
    cd my_magic_code
```

- **2.Run the desired script:**
- **For example, to run the phone book application:**

```bash
    python phone_book_app.py
```
